All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Tuesday morning. God bless
everybody in Jesus name. I do pray you
and your families are super blessed. And
guys, what can I say? It's do or die.
It's do or die right now. This Bitcoin
trade, we are back at our please Bitcoin
line here. If you guys remember
yesterday, we were in this same exact
position. Same trade, held through the
draw down. Actually, we didn't really
come to draw down. We came right down to
the entry where we were potentially
looking for a bounce. And yesterday, we
were hoping maybe to bounce from our
please Bitcoin line and we are back at
it once again. All right. It's like that
time in high school when we asked the
girl out. We said, "Please do go out
with me." And she said, "No, Jay. What a
loser." We tried to gather up our
courage to ask her out again, but we
chickenened out. And now we're asking
out our this girl again. Will he go off
with me? She's thinking about it this
time. We're in the friend zone. She's
like, "What will my friends think? I
just can't picture myself dating this
guy, but he is nice. But nice isn't
enough, guys. As we all know, nice is
not enough." They're like, "I don't
know. Jason's not douchebaggy enough."
You know, girls only date douchebags in
high school. I don't know why, right?
Nice guys finish last. You want the
girl, you got to be a doucheater. All
right. We need to turn into the
doucheinator.
Come on, Bitcoin. We need to turn into
the juicinator. We need to drive an AI
car.
We need to wear a hat backwards to the
side like this. What a douchebag. Of
course, she'll date you when you wear a
hat like this. The doucheeta. I'll be
back. I'll be back to pump up all over
the level to the new alltime highs.
But we are struggling a little bit,
guys. We are coming to the weekly VWAP
confluence with the local 61A. In fact,
if we pull our local fib from the high
to the low,
you can see right here that we're coming
to the local 618 Fibonacci.
But we're going to be taking a look at
Market Cipher B cuz I I honestly do feel
pretty bullish. I feel pretty bullish. I
feel pretty comfortable being in this
long trade right now. I'll be honest
with you. Um, we got to give a big shout
out to everybody in the chat. First of
all, shout out to the original KB Huffs.
Shout out to Matt Jenkins. Shout out to
IC Lexi. Shout out to Splashfire Films
holding it down with the wrench. God
bless you, bro. Thank you so much for
being here, man. I appreciate you.
Splashfire Films.
Who else we got in the house here? Big
shout out to
uh Jojo Zib 3PJ
and a big shout out to Crypto Coons
holding it down with the wrench
affiliate marketing 101. Doc the go J
boy bullish Omar Iron 317. He says it's
Wednesday. Is it really Wednesday? Yeah,
you're right. It's a Wednesday. It's not
a Tuesday, guys. All right. Shout out to
Matt Jenkins. What's going on, my bro?
Jet J Gety
M9Q and Sigma Crypto. Good morning. Good
morning, Chad. Chad P. Now, Chad, he's
the one who's going to get all the girls
up in here. He's definitely not in the
friend zone. All right. Shout out to
Venom Hex
in the chat. Keith M. Jeffs, God bless
you, my bro. Good to see you, Senor.
What's going on?
The Audi and the sideways hat was oddly
specific.
Shout out to Cuss T made in the house.
All right, God bless you. Shout out to
F15HO.
Shout out to the Lord Jesus.
Shout out to Dynastic Wolf. Yo, El Punto
Verde. Yeah, we got some El Punto
Verde's Buenos Mornings Vanilla Iscena
says Vegas Claw. Shout out to memory
man. Is today Groundhog Day?
Nah, Groundhog Day is like February,
right? What do I know? I don't know
anything.
I don't know anything. All right, which
is a great reminder that this is not
financial advice. Now, we we're going to
pop over here to our Bitcoin Chisnart.
We're going to remove all the drawings
here. We're just going to take a look at
what's been happening. Going to start
with our 4hour time frame here. Oh man,
this 4hour time frame is getting me
giddy as a school girl. Look at this
beautiful pattern that we see here on
the 4 hour. as the price is getting
lower, momentum getting higher, and then
as we make a higher low right into our
golden zone, the zone between the golden
pocket and the 786.
Would you look at this beautiful
trigger wave that we are forming right
here on the 4hour market cipher B.
Wow. Absolutely fantastic and amazing. I
cannot even believe what my eyes are
seeing. Go to the 5 hour time frame.
seeing something very similar. 6-hour
time frame, very similar 8 hour time
frame, potentially very similar. You
know, it's it is quite interesting as we
go down to our 24-minut time frame here.
We did see a pretty nice
low here. Like look at how nice the low
is. We come down to the support zone. As
we're in the support zone, we have a
local chickens drinking water pattern.
We take that low again and we're seeing
now the momentum waves continuing to get
higher.
We're seeing the money flow starting to
move to the upside here. Very nice
looking bottom here across multiple time
frames. And again, we have to recognize
the fact that this very well could be a
significant low. Why do I say that?
Well, if we take a look at all this
stuff here again, we have a bullish
divergence at the low on some of these
high time frames. Not only do we have a
bullish divergence at this low, we also
have bullish divergences at the back
test. But if we zoom out to the daily
time frame, you can see that quite
simply put, the reason why this could be
such a nice low is because we came and
we took the liquidity
and we got a beautiful weekly close
above the level. All right, so we took
the liquidity
weekly candle closes well above the
level. Not only does it close above the
level, but it even closed above the
level at 62457 and 90 cents on buy bit
inverse perpetual USD over on buy bit.
Also, the daily candle
dipped down, closed above pretty nice.
And now we're coming for a back test. We
got bullish divergences. We got trigger
waves are forming. Now, how are things
looking as we come down locally here?
Well, here's the thing. The sad reality
is what we've done now is pretty much
the opposite of what we done last night,
which is within the context of this
local range having taken the lows and
come up to the top of the range. Now,
we've taken the highs. Okay. Now, the
question is what is going to happen?
Well, I do have to say I I am feeling a
little bit bullish here. So, let's go
ahead and put on some indicators.
And here's exactly the button I'm about
to push on the exchange right now. I'm
going to tell you exactly what I'm about
to push right now to make billions of
dollars. But before I tell you that, I
need to remind everybody that today we
are giving away $1,000 courtesy of
Blofin.
All right? So, if you want to win a
$1,000 giveaway today,
all you got to do is sign up to Blowin
using my affiliate link. Not only will
you get a chance to win $1,000 with no
strings attached,
but you will also be able to trade on
Blofin with exclusive VIP fees that are
not available to anybody else on Blofin
unless you use the Jason Casper link. 0%
limit order, 0.02%
market order. Abs. I can't even believe
it. When it comes out of my mouth, I
think, is this real?
Yes, it is. Isn't that crazy?
So, make sure to sign up to Blowofin.
And now, back to exactly what I'm
looking for here. There's a few things.
First of all, given the context of the
bullishness of what I see here on the
chart, I would like to see the price
maybe come down to the VWOP/
high volume node of this local range
here and and hold this hold this now.
Okay. like the $61,000
level holding as support would be pretty
nice to see right now. Okay, we've
changed market structure here, right?
We've we have our bottom signal, the
bullish de
we are we are douche maxing to get the
girl to go out with us again. All right,
if you missed the beginning of the
stream, that doesn't make sense to you.
Now we've changed market structure and
so yeah the back test here would be
quite fine. Quite nice. Let's see if we
can't get that. Now of course if we
don't get that then what would I look
for? Well honestly if we go and take
this low again this low that we made
during
London
take the London low then we could bounce
from the 786
and have even more drive of bullish
divergence with even more bullish money
flow. in which case, man,
I would Michael Sailor my house to long
Bitcoin down there. It would it would
look pretty nice. That's kind of what
I'm looking for. Now, again,
uh we are doing the opposite of what we
did at night, right? So, at night, what
do we do at night during London?
You know, they were eating their scones.
It was tea time. And they dipped down
just to take that liquidity. They dip
the scone into the tea. They take it
back to the top of the range. Of course,
New York opens New York. They don't eat
scones and tea. They're drinking coffee.
They're eating their bagels and they
just take the liquidity from the high.
Basically, the daily VWAP closed as
well. Weekly VWOP, local golden pocket,
and now they're trying to shove it back
down to the bottom of the range. So I
would expect if this is going to be a
bullish market structure, I would expect
this retracement here to maybe come down
back test this area and then continue up
or
we just say, you know what, London,
sorry guys, it doesn't cut it. All
right, doesn't cut it. All right, this
this CDW don't cut it. Let's come down
and take that London low and then get
the the reclaim. That's what I'd be
looking for. Okay, so let's see what
happens. This is do or die as we are
once again testing the please Bitcoin
line. Please, oh please Bitcoin, I gave
you extra cheese, oh Bitcoin, I bought
you a new SUV, oh Bitcoin, I thought it
was going to be you and me, oh Bitcoin,
I was full of glee, oh Bitcoin.
But um
looks like you're going to do me dirty.
Looks like you're going to do me dirty,
Bitcoin. you know, um,
wait, Dr. Go, are you serious, bro? What
the heck? Shout out to CryptoCrank.
He says, "What amazing price action for
scalping?" Yeah, seriously. It's a shame
I'm not a scalper right now, but uh, but
yeah, we definitely hit that weekly VWAP
with a nice 5-second bare div.
Um, you know, shout out to
um,
Crypto Incognito, John Doe, GJ4 GT, RS
Kore,
and KY Mount
who says, "Yes, sir." Shout out to San
Tardium.
Get me back to 74K so I can exit. I
effed up big time. Well, we very well
may because here's another thing that we
need to bear in mind as we are looking
at this juicy potential
uh chart here with the 1 hour candle
closing in an hour and a half. Um
if we do start to change market
structure and enter back into value area
low of the more macro range, right?
Something like this.
Come on, Bitcoin. Come on. What the heck
with the fixed range volume profile?
Come on, Trading View, man. I got that
slow internet. I got that anti-S Skynet.
I mean, uh, Starlink
now. Yeah, we start to change market
structure here. We start to break out of
this guy. Should I say this gal or
whatever, then yeah, 74K is definitely
on the table,
right? This is a real possibility right
now, guys. Having come down to the
bottom of this range, back to the top of
the range is an actual real pastability.
Pastability riatoni
and fussellini and all these other uh
linguini,
ravioli.
It's a total pastability with vodka
sauce or maybe uh Alfredo sauce. Chicken
Alfredo. You guys like chicken Alfredo?
I'll tell you, I love I love me some
chicken Alfredo.
I love me some chicken Alfredo. If you
want a calorie max while keeping your
protein high, chicken Alfredo is the way
to go. You know, I'm telling you,
there's nothing like dunking your simple
carbs and a whole bunch of fat and then
sprinkling some lean protein on the top.
Let me tell you, that's the way to eat.
If you're not eating like that, are you
even a trader?
All right.
Um, root dup. Do you think we're going
to dump? Baby, you think we're going to
dump? When I say baby, I I actually mean
J boy.
Um,
how are them eggs?
Yes. Yes, I got I got the traps for the
rats. All right, the rat traps in the
chicken coop are established.
All right, so guys, just a quick
reminder, we're giving away $1,000
today, courtesy of Blofin as Bitcoin is
root duping here.
We're giving away a,000 bucks. So, if
you want a chance to win, sign up to
Blowin using my link. It's in the pinned
comment in the live chat. We're going to
do that giveaway today. Today. All
right. Today. You know, I give it to you
straight. I never give it to you. Hey,
hey, hey, hey. All right. Um, all right.
Let's check out some other assets here.
Ethereum.
Let's check out good old Ethereum. We'll
go to the weekly.
Let's zoom on out here. Now, Ethereum,
guys, I do have to say, we have had a
rotation literally down to value area
low on the weekly. Let's actually pull
this from this high here. Yeah,
depending on how you want to pull this
thing, it will change the value areas.
If we pull it from back here, you can
see we're pretty much to the value area
low. And also on ETH, just like Bitcoin,
this is the first time,
I think, in Ethereum history that we are
potentially printing a bullish div on
the weekly, guys.
Like, you know, the last bare market
bottom, we did not print a bullish
divergence on the weekly. Here we are
now for Ethereum.
And here's what I don't like. Let's talk
about what I don't like before I talk
about what I do like. Oh, wait, never
mind. Yeah, we tapped that value area
low. Wow,
this is a very nice low for Ethereum
here. We have tapped that value area low
and potentially, guys, could confirm a
bullish divergence here on the weekly.
Do you see that? Let's go down to our
daily
daily.
Let's go ahead and So, we don't have any
bull divs here on the daily,
which is a little bit sad.
Technically though, we do have a hidden
bullish divergence on the daily. So, I
would be looking at this on ETH. Okay,
it's very similar to Bitcoin. But if we
can reclaim the macro PC confluence with
the local value area low on ETH, that is
extremely bullish. All right. So, if we
start to reclaim this box here, again,
when we zoom out, we can see the
importance of this box.
This to me is super bullish. And this
means the on upon the reclaim of this,
we could look for potentially a big move
to the upside. Potentially, at least, I
would say a move back up to 2,278 at the
top of this local range here. This is
going to be our very important
resistance right now with which if
reclaimed opens up the doorway to much
higher prices and by this I mean I'm
talking about 1,800
to,900
United States Donald Trump's USDTS. All
right. Now, um,
if we get another move to the downside
here, just like with Bitcoin, if ETH
goes for this low again, we either form
a nice trigger wave on the daily and
make a higher low, or if we take the low
once again, we would form a really nice
bullish div on the daily. Okay. Now, one
of two things can happen here probably.
I wouldn't be surprised with Bitcoin or
ETH if we spend a little time in these
areas, especially as we head into the
summer. But if we come up here, get a
move down, maybe take the low again,
form a nice bull div, come up, maybe
take the highs, come back down, make a
higher low or whatever, and then
eventually make our way out of here. But
this is a very nice price of ETH here
coming down to the $1,500 zone with a
weekly bullish divergence. You know,
that is very encouraging to see the
weekly bullish divergence finally
starting to form here on Ethereum.
This is historic, right? We have never
seen this before. Previous bare market
bottoms do not have the div. We did have
a div, however, on the co dump. All
right, so the co dump did have a bullish
divergence here on that capitulation
wave. Uh, this obviously looks much
different than that bullish divergence
cuz this this one here I I I do I have
to say I like the money flow curving up.
I like the momentum wave coming up. This
does have the potential to turn into
something massive here. Let's go to the
4 hour.
See how she's looking. So, you know,
very similar to Bitcoin where we have
this low. Look at that wick. That is a
nice wick, right? Perfectly down to the
value area low with a nice bullish div.
Snake eyes on market cipher B. Bit boy
butt cheeks. Now, we've got the trigger
wave forming. And you know what else I
really like about ETH is if we take a
look at this trend line of market cipher
B and we connect all these tops since
the bare market, right? connect all the
tops since the bare market began, not
the bare market began, since o since
May, since May, since the top of this
range began. You know, the downtrend of
this range is broken on market cipher B.
We haven't changed market structure on
the candles yet. But on the oscillator,
we have officially broken out of this
downtrend line. Momentum's crossing back
over the zero line now, making higher
highs. And we do have a nice trigger
wave, a trigger wave here on Ethereum,
you know. Well, so that is looking
pretty nice to be honest with y'all. To
be honest with y'all. Um,
ETH is also touching a huge trend line
from
from uh June 2022.
Okay. Buying says don't don't touch ETH
before it's a,000. That is a really good
price for ETH. And 800 is actually even
better price for ETH, let's be honest.
But this is nonetheless a nice level and
has the potential to turn to something
really big. Now another you know this
this is a ma this is a very very
important support right here. It's a
very very important support and would
still be a higher low from March 2025.
Um
but yeah let's take a look at the June
trend line here.
Depending on how you want to draw it
here. Okay. Okay, if you want to draw it
like this, then yeah, we are touching
that trend line. Um, yeah. So, if we can
reclaim this green box, that could open
up the move to around 3500.
Uh, now if we continue to range and drop
here, then yeah, I guess a,000 is a
decent level. Um, however,
um,
yeah, there's a few nice levels on the
way down. So first of all we have this
first of all remember guys Ethereum is
not a bearish asset in general. All
right I I don't care if Vitalic Buterine
sold I don't care. Ethereum is not a
bearish asset. All right Ethereum is a
bullish asset. So we have liquidity at
1367 and 15 cents on buyit. Beautiful
liquidity grab right there.
Uh then we have some liquidity at 1,000.
But
yeah, I would say why not? If if if this
is if this is ETH here, okay,
and we can do this,
then why not why not say this is our
range here
and say, all right, what the heck? If we
can take the highs by a little bit like
that, why not take the lows by a little
bit like this? Why not come down to 800?
I mean, that would be that would be a
crazy swing trade right there. If we did
do, if we do do, if we do do, ded.
Big shout out to Dave Digital on the way
to the gym. 999 psychological number. I
believe this next run is going to be
about Etherum.
Very well could be. Low is in for
Etherum.
When it comes out that Vitalic is a
pedto, it goes to zero.
Uh,
do you think he is? I don't you know, I
mean, he's definitely kind of a creepy
guy, but uh nah, I I don't think that
would matter much as long as the asset
is functional, you know? I mean, look,
it could come out that anyone is, and it
doesn't really matter.
And we've seen that
we've seen that happen lately in
society,
but
time will tell. Time will tell.
We dodoo.
Dave, Dig, on the way to the gym, bro.
What are you going to train today? Um,
because I did legs today and I'll be
honest, I I'm pretty fried from my leg
workout today. I did Smith machine hack
squats.
Totally fried the quads. I did Nordic
curls.
I did leg presses. I did hip thrusts,
leg extensions. But I started out, of
course, with
Anthony Lee Krypto's calf routine. My
legs are pretty fried right now. Did he
say Bit Boy Butt Cheeks? Yes, I did. We
had Bit Boy Butt Cheeks on the 4 hour.
Um,
yeah, tokenized stocks for sure will be
on Etherum. Yeah, seriously.
Seriously.
SPR film said deadlift yesterday very
sore. Man, I have not deadlifted in so
long. I I was thinking about getting
back into some some deadlifts, lest my
spinal erectors grow weak. Lest my
spinal erectors grow weak. There's
nothing worse than weak spinal erectors.
WSRs as I call them.
Weak spinal erectors.
But yeah, let's check out some other
assets here.
I do want to take a look at Cardano.
O my goodness. This thing is officially
dead. My goodness.
Cardano is gone forever, guys. This is
insane. This is insane.
You know, this is literally insane.
We are coming back down to like almost
near the price I originally bought
Cardano like back in 2017. Let's see if
we can't get a an older Cardano chart
here.
When did I originally get Cardano? I
think it was single digits. It was
definitely single digits. I don't think
we can go back that far.
Um,
yeah, I can't go back that far,
man. This is insane, man. Cardano is
gone forever, man. There's no way this
is coming back.
There's no way.
You know,
I bought at $5. I might as well sell
now. Might be saying, "Jay, how'd you
buy $5?" Well, someone gave me a deal.
They said, "Jay, look, I know Cardano is
only $2.50,
but it's going to be $10 soon, so I'll
I'll cut you a deal. I'll sell you
Cardano for $5 a coin." I said, "Deal?"
All right.
So, let's see. I'm down from $5.
That's about
uh 100% loss. Yeah, I might as well sell
now. Makes the most sense, I think, to
sell now. All right, let's talk about
this Cardano chart cuz to be honest with
you guys, I I also
this is this is insane that we are well
below the 2022 bare market on Cardano.
That actually does blow my mind. I'm not
even going to lie. Nonetheless, I still
have to say I feel like Cardano is a
good asset, right? I know that uh
there's been some big changes with
Cardano now and isn't the creator like
pulling out or whatever. Whatever the
case, bearish news
on assets like Cardono, which I do feel
is is a good asset, right? Look at where
we're coming down to. You know, even if
this thing never pumps up again,
we are coming down to a very very very
very important support here, guys, which
is 12 cents. If we come down to 12
cents, this is like the ultimate
confluence right here. This zone, I
might actually buy some spot Cardono at
this area. I'm not even kidding. Um, why
not? Why not? I mean, with with
potential upside
of 2600% to previous all-time highs
to me, I mean, why not
get some dang Cardano,
right?
Why not get some dang Cardano,
man? What a lackluster piece of crap
bull market this was for Cardano, huh?
But yeah, in general, like this is a
really nice place if I was actually
looking to buy some spot Cardano, which
I might, which I actually might. The two
zones I would be interested in would be
12 cents and 5 cents. Can you imagine if
Cardano's 5 cents? I would I would
actually buy something if it came back
down to 5 cents. You know, I do think
it's a good asset and you know, assuming
that it would hit all-time highs. That's
a big assumption there. We're talking
6,000%. To me, that's such a good
risk-to-reward ratio. It is something I
would buy. I mean, even if we just came
even if we came from 5 cents to 25
cents, that's 400% gains. If we came to
the 2025 bull market top, that's almost
3,000% right there, right? Let's say I
get in an average spot price here and we
do come up to, you know, let's say in a
perfect world, we actually come up above
previous all-time highs. Let's say we
make it to a $4 Cardano. I mean, that's
that is a pretty good
$4 Cardono. We're talking 5,000% if if
we're getting in this area. Now,
overall, Cardano has underperformed. It
has not respected levels. It has not
respected bullish divergences. It has
not respected
breakouts of very important resistances
like we saw this back in 2023,
right? This looked really good back then
and even this looked really good back
then when we started to change market
structure. Higher lows, higher highs,
starting to form a bullish looking area
right here.
I mean, it's it's terrible. This is
terrible. Um,
and nonetheless, I don't know. Um,
I do have to say
that I I would still buy this thing if
it if it came down more. I actually
would. I actually would. I'm not even
kidding. Obviously, I'm not going to bet
the farm on it, but it's such a good
risk-to-reward. I'd say, yeah, why the
heck not? You know, why the heck not?
You'll never buy another nerd coin like
Richard Hartinson. What's his name?
Richard Hartinson.
Michael Sailor. What's the guy's name?
Kevin Richardson. Jason Richardson.
Jason Richardson.
Nah, he's not the Cardano guy. Is this
the Cardano guy or is this the Cardano
guy? What's his name? What's his actual
name? Cardano guy.
Here we go.
Here we go. Charles Hopinson. Hos
Hoskinson.
Charles Hoskinson
predicted Bitcoin to a quarter mill by
2026. Well, it's not too late, baby.
Dang. All right. Well, maybe
maybe I don't know, guys. Maybe maybe
there is no hope. All right. Maybe there
is no hope.
Yeah, but what the heck? Maybe I would
throw a little bit of money at it. Why
not? Why not? I know Jason Richardson is
is is the best guitarist in the world
for he's the I think he's probably the
best metal guitarist in the world at
least of notoriety. You know what I love
the fact that Jason Richardson filled in
for All That Remains
and played those solos so dang perfectly
live. Oh my goodness.
I could watch a video right now. I could
watch a video right now, you know,
of uh him filling in for All That
Remains, playing those guitar solos live
perfectly, note for note. Perfectly.
I mean, my goodness, the dude's a
machine. He's a machine. He's a machine
there. I mean,
he has insane guitar genetics
that that you know, you're born with
that. You're born with that. Seriously,
dude is a machine. I can't believe it.
It's so funny after he left Born of
Osiris to try and watch Lee play those
solos. What a joke. What a joke.
What a joke.
But whatever, man. You know, this is a
crypto. This is a crypto show. All
right,
Dimeag Daryl.
Yeah, he does look like he smoked many
carnos. He you know, no offense to the
guy, but he does look very old. I heard
he was like younger than me.
I heard he was younger than me. So he
he's he's aged himself. I guess a lot of
stress creating Cardano, you know. I
can't I can't hate, but I thought he was
like in his 50s, but apparently he's
like 24. Let's Let's find out. Charles
Hoskin
son age. Wow. Okay, so he he's he's two
years older than me.
Okay, he's two years older than me.
Here's a picture of him, I guess, at
work. That's That's crazy. That's funny.
Oh, man.
Shout out to Alex O.
God bless you, Alex O. Shout out to
Trader, Junior Trader. He says, "Please
say Bitcoin." I can't unless it's $200,
bro. Two euros. Come on. Come on. You
cheapcape. You cheapcape.
Yeah, crypto is like dog ears. I I you
know, I do feel that like I've aged
myself so much um by being a trader. I
I've probably, you know, I'm I'm about
to be 36. I'm pro I'm probably 42
biologically. I feel that way just from
all the sunshine I've gotten. You know,
I look in the mirror, I look like an old
man. I mean, look at my face.
Look at the wrinkles. Look at Look at
the wrinkles on the forehead and the
crow's feet.
I've aged myself so much.
The only thing I can do to prevent the
aging is to cut my own hair
and lift weights so at least I can have
big biceps and a big chest even though I
have skinny legs.
It's tough life, guys.
Um,
Dinosaur Crime will never return. Is it
true he loves ladies and whiskey?
Um,
Panta was your first concert in like
1992.
Wow. That that was that was old school
Panta. When when did Bogart Display of
Power come out?
came out in 1992. They They probably
They're probably touring on that record
then, Memory Man.
Unless it was before that album came
out.
They were probably torn on that record
then.
That's crazy, bro. I was two years old
at that time.
Um,
shout out to Anthony Lee Krypto. He's
doing biceps and triceps today. The only
two muscles that count. All right, let's
take a look at hype. All right, we'll
take a quick look at hype.
All right. So, finally hype has gotten a
weekly close below the level
weekly red dot. Finally, finally we've
got some kind of confirmed change of
market structure here
on our daily. We made our first lower
low.
So,
daily momentum coming down. What would
be nice on hype guys is that this head
and shoulders actually does play out,
right?
And then we could take our tarette
and put it down
put it down to Yeah. Wow. Look at that.
If this head and shoulders does break
down, it would come right down to our
beautiful buy zone between 40 and 45
cents. That would be an amazing level to
buy hype. Can you imagine that?
Beautiful. I mean, it just looks so
technical. So technical. It just might
work. We've got daily bare div here.
Weekly red dot here. Definitely has some
time to the downside here. Would wreck
so many people here.
Uh then we come down to the beautiful
support of the Fibonacci golden pocket
PC back test of the value area high.
Um
but you know
what do I think are the chances that we
hit 39K? I don't know dread mining, but
I really want to hit that level. I
really want to hit the level. Um,
all right. We got a super chat in the
house. Low P signatures says,
"It's not do or die, Jason. Should be
ride or die by low P in Apple, YouTube,
Spotify, or other music platforms.
Excellent for all crypto enthusiasts."
Oh, okay.
Ride or die by Low P is an actual song.
Ride or die by low P. All right. Let's
We have to check it out. All right. Ride
or die low P. Let's check it out.
I don't see it. I don't see it. I'm
sorry.
But what I do see here is the free
course on my YouTube channel. Make sure
to check that out. And also guys, we are
giving away $1,000 today. Courtesy of
Blofin.
Courtesy of Blofin. So, if you want to
win $1,000, all you got to do is sign up
using the link in the pinned chat and or
description of the video.
And yeah, we will we will absolutely
100%ly
get you that $1,000 if you win. We're
doing that giveaway today, baby. So, oh
crap, we're bleeding money right now on
Bitcoin. Sheesh. Thank you so much for
the super chat. low P signatures.
I appreciate you.
Uh 35.9 by October. Both start, says J
Boy Bullish. Let's do it. Let's do it.
Let's do it then.
Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it
then. Um the original KV Hub says, "I'm
burning the life force out of the body.
Stress is never good." But hey, I don't
know. I feel like stress in the right
way is good. I did the wrong kind of
stress the past 6 years of my life.
Since I was 29, I have had the wrong
kind of stress in my life. But I'm
really working on the good kind of
stress in my life right now. I'm trying
to get myself younger. I've been really
prioritizing
uh sleep, recovery, balance,
you know, minimizing stress. But I do
enjoy pushing myself in the gym, baby.
And I'll be honest, I don't really have
any joint pain or anything like that
right now because I do lots of mobility
work. I do lots of stretching. I do lots
of other things for my body. I did very
clean anti-inflammatory diet and all
that kind of stuff. So,
thankfully, by the Lord's grace,
I feel better now than I than I did uh 6
years ago.
Uh the low will be at 48.5. It's a 702
fib taking out the wick low from August
2024. Anthony Le Crypto's calling it.
Big shout out to keep on grinding five
for the 999 Zar. God bless you. Thank
you so much for the super chat. Shout
out to Marving Churu. Like the stream,
guys. Yeah, guys. Like the stream.
Um
like the dang stream. Let's check out
oil quickly. Let's
check out oil. Wow, look at all this
volatility on oil. That is nuts.
All right, we'll check out oil. Let me
take off this this weighted vest real
quick, guys.
All
right. Whiteed vest is off.
Yeah, let's check out oil, man. Oil.
Look at this range that we are in on oil
here. It's pretty nuts. Let's start on
our our weekly.
Look at this money flow cross on the
weekly.
Doesn't mean too much. Last time we got
that money flow across, we actually
continued in a downtrend here.
Uh, we do have a hidden bearish
divergence up here on oil. That's quite
interesting.
2022 high. You know what is so
interesting, guys, is that in 2022,
oil is spiked all the way up. And I feel
like there's more hype right now about
the oil prices because of this war than
there were back then, even though it was
higher back then. It is so interesting
how just the perception changes
based on context. It's very very
interesting. But anyway, that's a whole
another topic. So
we have this trend line here which I
think is very very important
and again technicals and fundamentals
always play together as a team. Let's
see if we can't get the volume of this
whole chunk here. Okay, so we are
holding this value area. Let's take a
look at I do want to take a look
actually at the
Man, this wick is so insane here. That
is so insane when that happened, man.
People got so rich on that. In fact, I
mean, obviously like this is
this is
I guess it's only 400%. It's pretty
crazy. It's only 400%.
But all right. Yeah. So, let's also pull
a fib here from our last low to the
current high. Just see where the
confluence lies
on oil.
Wow. So, we've already bounced from the
Fibonacci golden pocket here.
I'd say the next support, if we continue
it down, would be this.
But at the same time,
it's really it's it's very ambiguous on
these high time frames. Let's go down to
the daily. Let's analyze this
chunk of price action right here on the
daily.
So,
we're holding value area low and value
area high.
There is a good chance actually
that this
is more of a bullish kind of falling
wedge.
If we start to reclaim $95,
then that could bring us all the way
back up to the highs. Of course, you
know, this a lot of this is dependent on
on things that happen with actual oil,
right? More so than than stocks and all
that kind of stuff. Um, but if we're
going to break down and this money flow
does not hold support
then,
you know, why not come down to the 786
and fill that gap? I I mean, that would
that would be pretty pretty nuts.
Something crazy bullish would have to
happen for that to happen, right? Like
something would have to happen with the
with the war ending or something like
that. Um,
I don't know, but those are definitely
some important areas here on oil.
Yeah, only 400% says crypto people, lol.
Um,
big old bear div on oil. Yeah, big old
hidden bear div on oil.
Did I see the monkey tribe beheading bro
in Belfast? No, man. I'll have to check
that out on Twitter, I guess.
Yeah, we have a triangle on oil. I I'm
not a big fan of triangles.
It is a triangle, but it's an ugly
triangle. All right. It's a very ugly
triangle.
That is an ugly triangle right there.
you know,
um, Middle East don't Yeah, the wars
don't end. Yeah, for sure. The forever
wars. But you know what I mean. Ending
on paper, right?
They end on paper.
Big shout out to Junior Trader. God
bless you, my man.
Drink bone broth or get some good
collagen powder. Actually, do drink bone
broth every day.
Um,
but look, you know, still got the
wrinkles, bro.
It's from all the sunshine. That's what
it is. See, in 2020, I started getting
insane doses of sunshine. Insane doses.
So, like,
um,
yeah, I started going outside probably
like 8 hours a day from like 9:00 a.m.
until
6:00 p.m. give or take. You know,
obviously not not 8 hours straight, but
8 hours of time within there out in the
noon sun, no sunscreen, no hat, no
shirt,
you know.
Yeah, the war ending is bearish for oil.
So that's why I'm saying for us to come
down to to $68 a barrel, we'd have to
have some kind of bullish news for that
to happen.
You know, you know, you know,
um
why are there not a lot of people here?
Because Jason Casper sucks. All right, I
just totally suck. You know,
I' I've lost my I've lost it all. I've
lost my edge, you know? It's just Jason
Casser just he's not the same man he
used to be. You know,
there's a bunch of different reasons.
I'd say the two main reasons right now
are number one, I'm streaming very
early. Crypto Lifer streaming. This is
his stream time. People are going to
watch him. Uh I used to be like an
afternoon streamer. I want to be, but I
can't right now. Uh the second reason is
because the the markets suck. All right.
people are people are not very into
trading right now and it's a very
difficult time uh just to be a trading
channel in general
right um those are are the two main
reasons right now it's this time I'm
streaming as well as
the markets are boring as heck people
aren't people aren't into it you know
people are not into it
that's why but yeah in general if I'm
streaming in the afternoon.
Uh, if I'm streaming in the afternoon
and we're getting some volatility, I'd
say I'm probably averaging around a,000
live viewers. I mean, I used to average
around 2500
back in 2024.
Even Even 2025.
Uh,
but yeah, 2024, I'd say, was probably
the peak of my channel with the live
views and the streams. Um,
but yeah. Now, what do we got in here
now? 500, 600. Yeah, 565.
Yeah, it's probably about half, a little
bit more than half what I would usually
get if I was streaming the afternoon.
But yeah, you know, it goes through es
and flows. It goes through es and flows.
That's what happens.
Yeah. I remember when we got a,000 likes
every stream. Yeah. We would be giving
away so much money, 1,000 likes in a
half an hour. You know, we I remember
this. I think my most ever people I had
6,000 people in my stream and it wasn't
it wasn't fake. It was real. Trump was
speaking, man. Around the election time.
That's those that that those were fun
times, honestly. Around the election
times here. So,
but look, it'll it'll come back. It'll
Well, maybe. I don't know. Maybe. I
don't know. Maybe people won't be into
trading anymore at all. I don't know.
But yeah, in general, it's based on the
markets and it's based on the time that
I stream. The worst thing that I ever
did was I started doing streams at like
7:00 a.m. last year. There was like some
crazy stuff happening in my family. The
only time I could do it was early and my
channel pretty much was at a standstill
during that time. But now, you know, I I
am growing even during the time. It's
not like what it was, but at least I'm
I'm getting, you know, like 600 subs a
month. It's not so bad. And there are
times you're getting like thousands a
month.
But also, I recognize the fact that my
channel is pretty pretty niche, right? I
mean, it's a guy walking on a treadmill,
no fancy camera,
uh pretty pretty unscripted random
stuff, you know? I saw
um
the kid who almost got beheaded died by
a monkey. That is crazy.
That is crazy.
Yeah, people have lost confidence in the
crypto markets. I really do think
October,
what day was that? The 6th.
October 6th
really took so many people out of the
game. Like
because this wick here, I mean, think
about think about what happened, you
know, on Bitcoin, we came down to the
bottom of the range, not a big deal, but
for all these other assets,
you know, and people had their high
hopes and like in these altcoins, but
you look at like AVAC, right? Avac like
coming all the way back down to the 2023
low in a matter of minutes. I if
anyone's on these coins with like 2x 3x
leverage, they are liquidated, man. Look
at chain link. I mean, these are coins
that people put a lot of stock in, no
pun intended, and they're out of the
game. Like, they're out. You know,
that's pretty messed up. You know,
Ethereum,
I mean, you got to think to yourself,
it's pretty crazy. Even Ethereum, I
mean, in one day,
we are down, you know, 20 23%. If you're
Forex leveraged, you're you're
liquidated here. And
the sentiment up here was not that
bearish, you know. So, I think a lot of
people are totally disenfranchised and
disillusioned with crypto. Um,
yeah, it's not like it was, you know,
crypto used to be this this place,
especially in 2020, 2021, the the vibe
was, you know, your average bluecollar
hardworking family guy can finally like
get rich quick and escape the system
just by investing in this new technology
early.
And at those times, that was absolutely
true, right?
But this past bull run obviously has
shown everybody that's no longer true,
right? 2020 was the last time that could
actually happen for your average person.
Obviously, there's always opportunity in
markets, but it's definitely not as easy
now. And uh you know back in those days
when when you're getting these these
crazy rips and and people are are
leverage trading you know this these
kinds of moves here back in like 2020
2021 2022
you know it's like you know people are
literally making crazy life-changing
money on Bitcoin on altcoins and and
that was what crypto was known for right
crypto was known for this kind of
crazy bull markety up only kind of deal
and
and then this last cycle people are like
that's not true anymore, you know? I
mean, look at look at the difference
between the chain link bull run in 2020
and 2021 versus the chain link bull run
in 2024 and 2025,
you know? I mean, we're talking like a
500% gain versus a, you know, I guess
it's about the same. Well, there goes my
whole analogy.
There goes my whole dang analogy.
Oh, cuz this isn't the bottom. That's
why this isn't the bottom. No, this
ain't the bottom. But yeah, you see what
I'm saying? Wherever the bottom was on
Chain Link, it was pretty low. It was
very low.
So, look at Cardono for example. I mean,
man, if you guys remember the sentiment
on Cardano when we were at $3, it was
very bullish. And now here we are.
You know, people people are are pissed
and and rightfully so. I mean, cuz sadly
the whole crypto dream,
it's kind of like the American dream,
right? The American dream's dead, but
it's still there. It's still there. The
American dream is still there. It's just
it's just not the way it used to be,
right? Where your average guy can just
have an average job and support a wife
and kids and go on vacation once a year
and like have a nice life.
like that's totally gone. But in
America, you can still do really well
and have a great life. It's just not the
way it used to be. It's the same with
crypto. Like it's not the way it used to
be where the average guy just put like,
you know, with $25,000 in some random
altcoin become a billionaire.
Sadly,
that's why you should just buy Monero.
Yeah, like I love Monero. I'm a big fan
of privacy coins for sure. But you know
the thing about Monero is if you're
looking to make actual fiat money
and when I say here's the thing like
Monero is the kind of coin where you can
only use you can only use Monero for
people who are willing to accept Monero
right now most people are not going to
take Monero
and the whole purpose of Monero is that
it's private which means there's no on
and off ramps for it. It's a valuable
asset to have because in a situation
where you need to make transactions and
you want privacy,
well, boom, you use Monero. But most
people right now aren't going to take
Monero. So,
you know, there is a small period of
time right now where there are on and
off ramps with Monero,
but that's going to go away in the
future cuz Monero is dangerous to like
the government. The, you know, they
don't like Monero.
They don't like Monero. They want
everyone to use Bitcoin, not Monero.
Please, Bitcoin, please reclaim our
level. All base and no treble.
Yeah, early people reap the most
benefits with everything in life. That
is the truth.
Yeah. I'll be honest though. I I was I
was pretty surprised by this uh by this
bull market, you know. I I did expect I
I I'm actually I'm I'm shocked. I am
shocked that we didn't see ETH hit
higher prices this run,
you know. I really am shocked.
I should go on live or stream and ask
him to do the pump song. I know, right?
I should.
If you don't do macro, macro will do
you. I don't know if I do macro, but I
definitely love macros.
You know, protein, carbs, and fat for
the win, baby. I remember this dude at
the gym. His name was Peter. All right.
Giant Chinese guy.
Like the biggest Chinese guy I've ever
seen in my life. And I know he was
Chinese cuz he told me.
Dude was like 6'6. All right. Probably
320bs.
Massive guy. Massive guy. like like
super jacked, like on the fluffy side,
like bulked up, but not fat. Not fat,
you know, not shredded, like but not
fat. Dude would bench press 405 for
reps. For reps. I remember this one time
I asked him, "Bro, what's the secret to
your size and strength?" He said,
"Here's the secret, man. It's all about
eating proteins, fats, and carbs." He
said, "You got to eat as many fro
protein, fat, and carbs as you possibly
can." And you know what's funny? I
didn't have I didn't have the balls to
tell him, "Bro,
you know, all food has protein, fats.
It's not like you." He said, "Make sure
to eat foods with a lot of protein, fat,
and carbs." I'm like, "Bro, all foods
have protein, fat, and carbs. That's all
there is." But I didn't say that to him
because look, dude can bench 405 for
reps.
But he was definitely into eating all
his proteins, fats, and carbs. All
right.
Um,
what do I think about Reno charts? I'm
not really a fan of them, but they
definitely have their place. All right.
Um,
they definitely have their place. Yeah,
it's been a very underwhelming All
right. What do you say we give away
a,000 bucks, guys?
Let's give away a,000 bucks. All right.
What I need y'all to do
is I need y'all
to spam the chat with your blowofin user
ID. All right, it has to be under my
link. Blowfin user ID.
Let's go ahead and spam the chat with
blowoff fin user ID.
All right.
And I'm going to pick a winner here
randomly.
And that winner will get air dropped
into their
their account. Carbs are the devil.
Carbs aren't the devil. Carbs are the
elixir of life. I don't know why people
hate on carbs so much. Why do you guys
hate on carbs so much, man? Yeah. $1,000
dollars.
Why do people hate on carbs so much?
That's so dumb to me, guys. Carbs give
you energy. cars. That's what's up, man.
All right, let's count down from 10.
Take a random screenshot. 10 9
5 4 3 2 1 Boom. All right, we've got our
screenshot
right here. Did my stream just go down?
Shout out to Trader Yascat.
Trader Yascat is our winner. Did my
stream just go down for a second there?
Shout out to Trader Yascat.
I'm going to send this over to Bloffin
right now. All right, Trader Yascat.
Did my stream just go down for a second?
I don't know. But we have the winner.
So, shout out to Trader Yascat. Trader
Yascat is going to get a thousand smack
rolls right in the dang account.
right in the dang account.
Wonder why I don't have internet right
now. This is strange. We've got some
some buffering here.
Okay, it lagged. I see. I see it lagged.
I have very poor Wi-Fi right now. Even
when I come into the house, the Wi-Fi
only has one bar. So,
all right. Very strange. All right.
Well, we got our winner. Congratulations
to Yascat.
And I suppose
because we are uh
have such poor Wi-Fi, I should probably
end the stream. All right. So, God bless
y'all in the name of Yeshua, Jesus the
Messiah. I pray your families are super
blessed and I'll see you guys next time.
Peace.